Add feature gate ServiceAccountNodeAudienceRestriction v1.32 (#49358)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/ServiceAccountNodeAudienceRestriction.md

---
title: ServiceAccountNodeAudienceRestriction
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: beta

>     defaultValue: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    defaultValue: false
```

Reviewer: The default value for beta `ServiceAccountNodeAudienceRestriction` feature gate is `false` in k8s v1.32

Reviewer: Please take a look at the corresponding upstream code:
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/pkg/features/versioned_kube_features.go#L706C2-L706C39

In k8s v1.33 it will be true.

    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> This gate is used to restrict the audience for which the kubelet can request a service account token for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable restricting the audience for which the kubelet can request a ServiceAccount token.
You should only disable this feature gate if you have legacy code that relies on the previous,
less secure behavior.
```
